Shrubs
A few shrubs will take care of the necessary greenery in your zoo and beautify the spaces between paths and walkways. The greener your park is, the better the animals and visitors feel!
Bench
Ow, ow, how my feet hurt! After a whole day of walking between paddocks, my feet have had enough. A bench like this invites you to rest, and those who sit on it can watch the exotic animals up close.
Fountain
Attention! This porcelain elephant is a true work of art and will bring a pleasant atmosphere to your zoo. Plus, it sprays water from its trunk, making it a decorative fountain.
Bear of Freedom
Freedom Bear in your zoo! Animals of all species live here peacefully together without getting in each other's way.
Pond
Such a pond is soothing and relaxing, a true oasis! It is home to many small animals for which you don't need an enclosure. Zoo visitors like to relax by the pond.
Playground
A playground for all kids, troublemakers, and little rascals. There's always something happening here!
Fir trees
That's a lovely smell! Have you ever experienced the smell of fir trees in the wild? That's great! Fir trees are the optimal decoration for your zoo because they stay green in winter.
Waterfall
Like in the wild! The waterfall turns your zoo into a wild animal park with a touch of wilderness and adventure.
Palms
How about a touch of the Caribbean? Then don't hesitate and buy palm trees! A visit to your zoo will be a real holiday thanks to these beautiful palm trees.
Bridge
A bridge over a pond in a park, that's pure romance! This little oasis invites you to dream and makes a trip to the zoo an extraordinary experience.
Flower bed
Do you like bright flowers and bold colours? Then get yourself a nice flower bed. Not only does it look cute, but it also attracts bees. The cheerful buzzing will liven up your zoo.
Dodo - statue
Create a monument for the extinct dodo! This statue made of white Italian marble is a symbol of the protection of all animal species and will cause a stir in your zoo!
Flowering cherries
This cherry tree is covered in blossoms all year round, so visitors to your zoo can feel like they're at a cherry blossom festival in Japan.
White fence
The white slatted fence looks nice and tidy. A good thing if you decide to fence off part of your zoo.
Totem
Vinnetou, Apaches, eagle feathers and wild Indian horses are your passion? Then a totem pole belongs in your zoo, too. According to Native American tradition, it's a symbol of harmony and connection with the animals.
Street lamp
The Old English-style street lamp gives your zoo a sublime atmosphere. Who wouldn't feel like they were in the old Victorian days?
Baobab
Many of your animals know the baobab from its natural habitat, the Sahara. The baobab will make your zoo a garden of Eden for them.
Boulder
This brown, errant boulder is a rare legacy from the last Ice Age.
Clump of grass
Would you like some more green? With a few bunches of grass, you can turn your zoo into a wild meadow.
Shrub
For true green lovers! Plant some shrubs and make your zoo a nice park.
Bremen musicians
Show you have a heart for animals! Build a monument to the four musicians from Bremen! That's a really nice statue!
Obelisk
An obelisk like that will cause a stir in your zoo! Crowds of visitors will admire it and take pictures with it.
Papyrus
This exotic herb has a long history. Once used to make writing material, papyrus is a wonderful decoration in your zoo.
Small lake
Water areas are popular! A happy splash, a romantic spot... such a beautiful pond will surely attract the eyes of your zoo visitors.
Tree trunk
Such an old tree trunk is a highly desirable decorative object for nature lovers. You don't have to become a lumberjack, just bring the trunk here!
Small tree
Sometimes it's all about looking nice! A little tree in the right place is the icing on the cake of your zoo decorations. Give it a try!
Cactus
You want to evoke the atmosphere of the Wild West? Then we have something for you! This authentic cactus will make you feel like you're in a western!
Round Cactus
Have you got the taste for it and are you building your own western town? Or do you just like cacti? It doesn't matter, a round cactus is easy to care for!
Desert shrubs
A bit of dry grass and a stone from the real desert will bring a popular western element to your zoo. Visitors are sure to love it!
Teepee
Teepees bring the atmosphere of Indian tribes and the untamed wilderness of the gold rush era to your zoo. Vinnetou, Old Shatterhand and the Apache still inspire everyone of all ages today.
Route indicator
Lost on the vast prairie with no ranch in sight? A group of fugitives would have given anything to have such a marker in the North American wilderness.
Bale of straw
A few bales of straw will give your zoo a village atmosphere. Simple and so effective!
Picnic table
Zoo visitors like to take a break. A picnic table is a great thing.
Rose bush
Beautiful roses lend your zoo a magical atmosphere and their intense colours will captivate visitors passing by.
Butterflies
Zoo visitors are not only interested in wild animals. These beautiful butterflies flit between the enclosures and delight children and adults alike.
Pavilion
What a beautiful pavilion! This is the perfect place for a romantic encounter! It's perfect for lovers.
King Kong
Action! Wow, King Kong in your zoo! Great show and scream at the Empire State Building.
Well for animals
Paddling pool! This decorative stone well is decorated with cute animals. The pretty decoration will show visitors how much you care about the atmosphere in your zoo.
Snowman
Hooray! It's snowing! Build a snowman and let him make your zoo snow. Click on the snowman to start or stop the snow feature.
Christmas tree
What would Christmas be without a Christmas tree? With a nicely decorated tree, your zoo will look really Christmassy during Advent. Available for a limited time only!
Gingerbread man
No one can resist such gingerbread. Oh, somebody's already had their fill! It's just delicious. Do you want a taste? Available for a limited time only!
Swan Pond
The swan swims majestically across the pond, which is very rare, and thus becomes an exclusive decoration of your zoo.
Fireplace
Forget the everyday gray, dare to embrace and enjoy the wild nature! By the campfire, every visitor becomes an untamed bushman or amazon. It's real fun for everyone!
Big tree
What an amazing trunk that belongs to an unmissable tree with an impressive crown. It will delight all visitors! It's just the right place for a picnic.
Bambus
These green plants grow like mushrooms after rain. Some of this species are among the fastest growing plants in the world. They will undoubtedly be an attraction for visitors.
Acacia
A curiosity of gigantic proportions... There are as many as 1,450 species of acacia in the world! Will they all be planted in enclosures? In any case, the imposing acacia will be the most beautiful crown of any path to the enclosures.
Cypress
These evergreens can really be counted on. From the hanging, high-crowned to the columnar and sprawling types, there are many variations. One is simply prettier than the other.
Ferns
Ferns like the dark and damp. It thrives in the climate of the rainforest. But it's when the sun is shining that its stalks glow particularly invitingly.
Venus flytrap
Pretty disgusting name for a pretty plant. But its name is not accidental - it is, after all, a carnivorous plant. Flies and ants, beware around it!
Primrose
The primrose is also called a primrose. It is named after the inflorescence, which resembles a bunch of keys. Just look at it carefully! Isn't it amazing?
Reeds
Reed is a grass widespread throughout the world. With its long leaves, it looks interesting and cannot be overlooked. It grows most often on the shores, where it has the best conditions to develop beautiful flowers.
Heart-shaped ball
Hearts for animals! Thanks to this loving decoration, many hearts will fly to you as the zoo director. You really can't resist them, but they are unfortunately only available for a short time. Click on the ball and they will scatter all over the zoo. Clicking again will stop the flood of hearts.
Pink stool
Here, love just blooms! Who wouldn't want to stay here for a while? This desirable spot is available for a short time in the pet shop. Oh, how romantic!
Statue of the Golden Bear
Something exclusive and special. As a thank you, this bear can be given to all especially hard-working zoo directors. It will be the crown jewel of your garden.
Zen garden
Inspiration from the Far East. A Zen garden from Japan brings harmony to your zoo. Visitors will appreciate this oasis of peace of mind. Take a deep breath and the meditation begins.
Peacock Bush
Do you want more colours in the zoo? A colourful combination of shrubs and flowers in the form of a peacock will provide plenty of excitement in your zoo.
Garden with daffodils
How nice spring smells! A flood of yellow flowers will give your zoo a touch of spring. And your visitors will be even happier!
Easter statue
A monument for the hardworking Easter Bunny! Its likeness carved into stone will surely please him – and your visitors as well.
Garden with tulips
A beautiful pink carpet of tulips will delight not only in spring! Your visitors will be amazed at how beautiful the flowers smell and even the animals will be happy to smell them!
Easter Daffodils
An impressive bed of daffodils will set the Easter mood, but it's only available for a limited time only!
Bear statue
Mama bears love their cubs! This cute sculpture is a symbol of a mother's love. Visitors come in droves to see the monument.
Buddha statue
Buddha radiates calmness and serenity. Visitors love this peaceful statue and return home satisfied.
Pagoda
Visitors love to relax in this small pagoda and surrender to the Asian atmosphere.
Statue of a hockey player
The statue of the lion hockey player is a celebration of the Finnish hockey team "Leijonat", which won the 2011 World Championship. Congratulations!
African cottage
A real rainforest atmosphere in the zoo! In this cottage decorated with tiki masks, your visitors will feel like they are in the jungle.
Sphinx
You think sphinxes have sensitive noses? Don't worry - this sphinx's especially large nose is a real radar!
Zoo plan
Your zoo is expanding nicely. With so many attractions, visitors can easily lose their bearings. But thanks to the zoo's layout, they now know exactly where to go.
Birdhouse
Do you know about it yet? The little birds are chirping in the birdhouse and are happy to tell you what’s new. So it’s worth listening carefully.
The Sunken Temple
Adventure right in the zoo! Whoever sees a sunken temple ruin in the swamp will never cease to be amazed.
Log cabin
Have you heard? The log cabin is a nice little cabin made of wood and a nice place to barbecue!
Birthday statue
What's the bear so happy about? That's obvious! It's ZooMumba's birthday! All the more reason to get in the party mood and for an exclusive bear statue!
Koala rock garden
A little bit of Australia in your zoo! This pretty rock garden goes especially nicely with the koala enclosure.
Birthday balloon
Long live ZooMumba! This pretty balloon will draw everyone's eyes to your zoo! And it's perfect for birthdays!
Cannon with champagne
Let the plugs fly! ZooMumba already has 10 million players! Here's to all of you!
Halloween street lamp
This Halloween street lamp casts a creepily pretty purple light on the pathways in your zoo.
Halloween bench
Offer your guests a seat on this spooky bench - if they dare...
Halloween tree
This twisted tree looms ghastly over the heads of your guests. That'll be the start of the spooky Halloween fun at the door.
Halloween street pumpkin
Everything is ready: the spooky pumpkins with their cheerful contorted grimaces decorate the path to Halloween.




The Witch's Hut
Hihihihihihi, the witches laugh. They fly on their broomsticks around the witches' hut and scare the visitors. It gives one of them the creeps!
Christmas bag
As a great zoo director, you also deserve an extra large gift bag. Just don't get a hernia!
Sugar sticks
Sweet, sticky and pretty - whoever eats this decoration will be punished with toothache!
Sugar sticks
Sweet, sticky and pretty - whoever eats this decoration will be punished with toothache!
Sugar sticks
Sweet, sticky and pretty - whoever eats this decoration will be punished with toothache!
Ice bench
She’s so pretty and shiny, one doesn’t really mind that their bottom has frozen.
Ice lamp
Let your animals and paddocks shine with winter light.
Santa statue
A custom sculpture carved out of ice - this is where Santa can be really proud of himself!
Nutcracker
It's not just your elephants who like nuts so much.
Lighted Reindeer
A thousand little lights make this reindeer probably the most brilliant inhabitant of your zoo.
Christmas tree 2011
A slender fir tree has grown...! Your beautiful decorated tree will make even your desert animals succumb to the winter mood!
Christmas tree 2011
A slender fir tree has grown...! Even your desert animals succumb to the winter mood at the sight of your beautifully decorated tree!
Christmas tree 2011
A slender fir tree has grown...! Even your desert animals succumb to the winter mood at the sight of your beautifully decorated tree!
Christmas tree 2011
A slender fir tree has grown...! Even your desert animals will succumb to the winter mood at the sight of your beautifully decorated tree!
Christmas tree 2011
A slender fir tree has grown...! Even your desert animals succumb to the winter mood at the sight of your beautifully decorated tree!
VIP awards
Unique, vibrant and penguin-tested - a special prize for the most dedicated Zoomumba player. A real gem!
Australian outback - shop
Follow a kangaroo to an Australian outback store or add one to your own zoo. They'll bring your principal lots of zoopennies!
Piñata
In Mexico, this cute little horse is filled with various candies and is not missing at any festivities.
Gift
There are presents at every birthday, that's for sure! Spruce up your zoo with festive packages for the right atmosphere.
Gift
There are presents at every birthday, that's for sure! Spruce up your zoo with festive packages for the right atmosphere.
Gift
There are presents at every birthday, that's for sure! Spruce up your zoo with festive packages for the right atmosphere.
Birthday cake
Happy birthday! Throw a birthday party with a super birthday cake! Every animal gets a piece. Yummy!
Protégé
High up in the Alps, surrounded by the highest peaks, you can see this beautiful flower - the ergot. It is very difficult to find, but it is very valuable!
Santa's House
Do you know where Santa Claus lives? The North Pole, of course! Once a year, he flies around the world on his sleigh and gives presents to people and animals. Have you been good this year?
Romantic picnic
What is more romantic than a picnic in nature? A happy ending guaranteed: zoo visitors' hearts will light up with love!
Love balloon
Love is spreading around! Sometimes it's fleeting, like this balloon. When it comes, don't let it go!
Red Roses
A bush of red roses! Red is like love! Quick, expose them! Maybe visitors will secretly pluck a few for their sweethearts?
Frog in love
Quack, quack! What's coming out of that frog's mouth? Oh! It's hearts! Maybe it's asking for a kiss?
Lavender field
The sweet scent of lavender wafts through the countryside. Lavender is great for cooking and looks simply gorgeous.
Eiffel Tower
The majestic Eiffel Tower towers above the other buildings. This iconic structure is one of the most famous landmarks in France.
The Artist of Montmartre
With skill and artistry, the artist can create quick caricatures from his models. Who's next?
Yellow T-shirt
This little penguin did everything he could to win another stage of the Tour de France. He got a yellow t-shirt as a reward!
French tricolour
Long live France! Let's fly the French flag and bring some French joie de vivre to the zoo!
Hungarian farm
This Hungarian farm has a beautiful thatched roof and a typical brick-lined entrance.
Well
Groundwater reserves in this landscape are very high and wells are therefore very practical.
Birthday garland
Decorate all the walkways in the zoo with birthday garlands.
Birthday flags
Time to decorate - let's create a beautiful zoo with bright birthday bunting!
Birthday bench
There are presents here, there are presents there, there are presents everywhere! There's a few on the bench. Who are they for? Maybe zoo visitors will open them?
Birthday lamp
For this special occasion, even the lamps are decorated in the best light!
Birthday table
This birthday table is full of delicious food and delicious drinks. It's a feast!
Birthday trees
Under this tree, zoo visitors will have double the fun.
Wicker fence
Add some country flair to your zoo. The handmade wicker fence will beautify your zoo and add a traditional touch.
Barrel
This wooden barrel contains Hungarian wine from the Balaton region. The wood helps to achieve the right taste.
Hungarian flag
Hungary is a beautiful country with a fertile area around the Danube. Hungarian traditions are known all over the world.
Australian flag
The Australian flag combines the British flag, the seven-pointed star and the Southern Cross.
Indian flag
There are many rules when handling the Indian flag. For example - it must be hoisted at sunrise and lowered at sunset.
Tombstone
Ahhhhhhhhh! Scary scenes are starting to pop up all over the zoo. What spooky secrets await your customers under this tombstone?
Ectoplasmic puddle
Slimy green ectoplasm boils in these puddles. This stuff is made of ghosts and is incredibly sensitive to light.
The Well of Lamentations
There are ghostly sounds of ghosts in the wind... Maybe they're trying to tell us something...
Tentacle statue
Is she alive or dead? The tentacle statue is covered in a substance made of jelly, which it excretes. The little tentacles are groping you, yuck! She's definitely alive!
Coffin
Who's making those noises in the well? Are they the souls of deceased zoo visitors? How did they get there? I'd rather not even think about it...
Creepy pumpkins
Aaaaah! These monster pumpkins are sure to scare your visitors!
German flag
The German flag has three horizontal stripes of black, red and gold. Since reunification it has also become the flag of East Germany.
American flag
The United States of America is a so-called giant cauldron of people and cultures of different nations. The flag of the USA is nicknamed "Stars and Stripes". The stars symbolize the 50 current states and the stripes represent the 13 founding states. Do you know what their names are?
Corn field
A popular summer activity in the USA is creating corn mazes in cornfields. Farmers create paths of abstract designs such as UFOs, maps or fairy tale motifs. Create your own corn maze at your zoo!
Corn field with a scarecrow
If you want to protect your cornfields, you'll need a scarecrow. Otherwise, the birds will steal all your corn, and you'll be short on side dishes for Thanksgiving dinner.
Founding Father - statue
There you see the founding father of your zoo - the penguins! They look so majestic with their hats on their heads.
Brand "Route 66"
Route 66 is known as America's Main Street because it runs across nearly the entire length of the country. It is a symbol of freedom and adventure.
Jukebox
Jukeboxes and rock 'n' roll go hand in hand. For American fans, these nostalgic jukeboxes are collectible.
Angels
Our hardworking angels on the forum will provide help in any situation. They are very popular among the players. They always help our community, not only during Christmas!
Ice Princess
How nicely the ice princess spins! She is very popular with your visitors!
Frozen tree
Brr, that tree must be really cold - it even has icicles hanging from it! But it glistens and sparkles in the winter sun. Beautiful!
Snowball
Shake it up a bit... and watch it snow! Yay! The snowman in the snow globe is very happy about the snowflakes.
Christmas stocking
Stockings are traditionally hung over the fireplace and filled to the brim with all sorts of goodies ... if you've been good. Those who've been naughty get stockings full of coal.
Belly dancer
Dance like the beautiful Salome! Our oriental dancer is a true artist: she seduces her audience with her seductive moves. Even the penguins are breathless at this spectacle! It's sensational!
Egyptian flag
Saladin's eagle adorns the red, white and black flag of Egypt. It is also known as the Arabian eagle and is placed right in the middle of the white stripe.
Sarcophagus coffin
Egyptian sarcophagi are not decorated with unusual hieroglyphs or reliefs, but beware, if you open one, the curse of the pharaohs may fall on you! Who knows, there might be a ghostly mummy hiding inside!
Egyptian obelisk
Obelisks were placed in front of the pyramids as a symbol of the power of the sun god Ra. As petrified rays, they symbolize the sun god and his connection to the ruler of the earthly realm - the Pharaoh!
Pyramid
These majestic burial grounds of kings have many burial chambers and labyrinths. Dark spells protect them from grave robbers - anyone who opens a burial chamber will be cursed! The tombstones and inscriptions testify to this. If it's true! Be careful!
Cupid Adamicus
Pay tribute to the messenger of love with this marble statue. Whoever he shoots with his arrow will fall madly in love. Very romantic!
Heart tree
This beautiful heart tree will put a smile on every visitor's face and every animal will gaze at them in wonder. How beautiful it is!
Pink pergola
The pink pergola adds a touch of romance to any zoo. Your visitors will stroll from one enclosure to the next as if in a garden of love.
Swans in Love
Build a monument in the name of love! The statue of the swans in love is the epitome of beauty. One look and hearts blossom with joy.
Heart fountain
The Heart Fountain is the perfect place for a romantic vow of love.
Spring ground
Everything is green! This spring decoration will add Easter cheer to your zoo - a beautiful green spring meadow full of blooming flowers and chirping birds. Pure bliss!
Easter tree
Lots of colourful Easter eggs! According to one tradition, trees are decorated with coloured eggs. This is an attraction your visitors won't want to miss. They'll be standing around like a flock of ducks!
Easter egg with ears
Oh, no! An Easter egg with ears? Will it turn out to be the Easter Bunny? Or is it made of chocolate? A real eye-catcher for your zoo.
Chocolate Easter bunny
Oh! Who bit off the chocolate bunny's ears? It must have been either a hungry zoo visitor or a chocolate lover!
Green fence
Immaculate nature! Wooden posts and thick bushes - this natural fence blends in with the surroundings of the Alps, meadows and forests. The ideal boundary for a natural enclosure in a zoo.
Wooden fence
This wooden fence has a rustic look and blends in perfectly with nature. It discreetly demarcates different areas in the zoo.
Mountain board
With this mountain board, your forest, mountain and meadow enclosures will blend in perfectly with their surroundings and create the most magical environment for your animals.
Rock slab
Do you miss the pleasant cave atmosphere? No problem! Decorate the surroundings of the cave enclosures with rock slabs and create a unique atmosphere in every detail.
Slatted fence with stones
Cave diggers use stone fragments and wooden stakes to make fences. It fits the environment perfectly, doesn't it?
Bench on the mountain meadow
The view from the mountains is supposedly amazing. Take a break and enjoy it!
Mountain pasture
Only in a mountain meadow can you breathe the freshest air.
Mountain hemlock
Do you hear that chirping from the fir trees? What animals are hiding there and enjoying the beautiful view?
African bench
The natives used to go hunting in the savannah armed with shield and spear, but these hunting tools now make a much better decoration.
Venomous namibian milkweed
These tree succulents grow up to 150 cm tall. Their milk is poisonous and used to be used by hunters to poison their arrows.
African fence
Fences are a rare sight in the open spaces of the savannah, but when they are found, they are usually made of natural materials.
Gate of spears
Settlements in the savannah must be well protected. An entrance made of bent spears shows who's boss.
Torch
In savannahs, the main elements are earth, air and fire. The torch provides light and keeps wild animals away from its fiery glow.
Wooden bench
Take a deep breath and head into the cave landscape. First, take a short break on this bench and check your gear!
Cave fence
The cave area should always be fenced!
Cave floor
Cave spaces have a special power over zoo visitors. Create a special atmosphere and put a floor around the cave.
Shaft
Cave explorers like to dig a shaft or two in places where they expect something special. Ah, what's that down there?
Forest picnic
What would a walk in the woods be without a picnic under the trees? Pull out the sandwiches!
Forest fence
A hollow tree as a fence? Anything is possible in a forest - but it is not as hollow as it seems - insects live there, mushrooms grow there and small animals nest there.
Forest boundaries
Clearly mark boundaries of your forest: large planks are ideal for it!
Forest land
A bit of scrub, some undergrowth, a few bushes and rocks - the forest floor is home to many small creatures.
Grove
Nature lovers feel at home in the green grove. Enjoy completely unspoilt nature with a small pond.
Tree House
What kind of elf has found shelter here? Children will have many adventures in the tree house.
Stumps
No plants grow in the wasteland anymore. But a few stumps can always be found. Use them to border your wasteland in the zoo.
Rotten fence
A few rotten planks and a few pieces of rusty metal - and the fence in the wilderness is finished!
Barren land
Nothing grows here anymore! Really? Bold little microorganisms still crawl across the barren earth.
Uncultivated land
Even though the land is dead, you can still find bushes, grasses and animals thriving here.
Scrap bench
Which artist immortalized himself with this sculpture? Oh, it's not a sculpture, it's a bench! Quick, sit down!
Gate in the wilderness
Look where you're treading in the wilderness! No one knows why this area is so desolate, but there are toxins in the grass, mud and swamps. So don't forget to wash your hands!
Pond
See how the marsh plants are thriving in this pond! Don't get too close, it's really muddy!
Water bench
A water bench? What is it? Well, it's like a waterbed. It'll make you feel like you're riding the waves! That's so much fun!
water fence
This polished glass fence, clear as pure water, is the ideal addition to any waterscape. How it shines beautifully!
Volcanic rock wall
A dry wall of volcanic rock is good for protecting a body of water. During floods it helps to suck up water and protect your zoo.
Bird waterer
Here the birds can splash and bathe happily.
Illuminated fountain
Do you have to go to the bathroom in the dark? This illuminated fountain is the right solution. Perfect for night owls!
Water World
Create a fantastic water world in your zoo - a landscape full of fountains, lakes and ponds.
Gateway to the water world
This way, please! Choose this beautiful water gate as the entrance to your water world!
Heath in the tundra
Plants and animals living in the hostile climate of heathland on the tundra need a good strategy for survival.
Rock desert
Permafrost does not abound in the tundra. Instead, strange desert rocks adorn its landscape.
A pile of antlers
The tundras of this world are inhabited by reindeer. Once the permafrost thaws, piles of antlers can be found.
Peat House
In Lapland, they adapted their dwellings to the hostile environment. There's a small hole at the top where the smoke from the fireplace comes out.
Beech bench
This resting place was made of beech wood. From here the view of the heath and meadows is really worth it.
Snow-covered bench
Wow, that's wet! This snowy bench may look comfy, but once you sit down, you'll get your whole behind wet!
Snow-covered fence
That's beautiful! The bushes covered with a layer of snow look like soft cushions. Sweet dreams!
Winter fence
Small snowflakes found their way onto this little fence. The perfect accessory for the most beautiful snowy landscape!
Snow
The magical winter landscape invites everyone to take a walk. Just look at the footprints in the freshly fallen snow!
Snowy hut
I wonder who lives inside this snowy hut? A snowman? Or is it a resting place for tired skiers?
Ice floes
All animals living in cold climates love to play on frozen ice crabs - whether penguins or polar bears. But the cubs like them best!
Ice bench
Is it a work of art or a freak of nature? The bench of the future made of ice is clearly a work of art! However, this handmade piece will only last in the cold season.
Ice portal
Not only igloos are made of ice! Enter this ice portal and discover an icy winter paradise.
Frozen Rose
This delicate rose covered in shimmering ice is simply beautiful. Look how the light shines through its delicate petals!
Ice fence
Fence off the icy landscape with this fence. Thick ice is very resistant to slight temperature changes, so it won't melt right away.
Grassy dunes
Storms are part of coastal life. Use grassy dunes to protect your zoo from flooding.
Beach terrain
Floating objects, grass, shells - the real beach terrain. Dunes all around - get ready for a beach holiday!
Magic Fortifications
Amaze your visitors by bordering your zoo with this magical fortification.
Magic tiles
Immerse your visitors in a magical world of fantasy by covering the entire zoo with magic tiles.
Cotton candy tree
Fluffy cotton candy is wrapped around this tree - not only the animals, but also zoo visitors will enjoy it!
Tasty tongue
This little guy has a really hungry tongue! Looks like he ate too much chocolate pudding! Look at how nervous he is, barely breathing!
Magic bench
Magically glowing roots wind around glittering boulders. Sit down, you're in an enchanted forest!
Magic Fence
These colourful dinosaur bones surround the fantasy park.
Shining Field
Strange flora illuminates this glowing field. What secrets might they hold?
Wild Mushrooms
The wild mushroom caps look really cute. But don't touch them, they can be poisonous!
Bench made of sand
Comfortable bench made of sand. If it holds up under your weight... you'll have to try it!
Sand dune
Do not enter! Protection of the coastal dunes is especially important! After all, they help stop flooding.
Treasure hunt
Do you like to run on the beach? Looking for treasure? Washed up debris can hide valuable items. Zoo visitors are in for an exciting adventure!
Sand castle
I'll build you a castle like a fairy tale! What would a coastal landscape be without a magnificent sand castle?
Pretzel fence
Yummy, yummy... don't eat it! The pretzel fence is the perfect border to your delicious paradise.
Cotton candy garden
How beautifully fluffy she is! Delicious cotton candy in a soft bed. Heavenly good and absolutely delicious!
Licorice picnic
Oh no, it sticks! If zoo visitors sit on these stools for too long, they won't come off!
Goalkeeper
Footballs are being kicked all over Brazil - how about playing football in your zoo?
Samba dancer
Are you ready for the Rio Carnival? The samba dancers are gonna rock your zoo with their moves. Not only will zoo visitors dance with her, but your animals will too!
Banana tree
Bananas also grow in Brazil. They are a great source of energy and are very popular among athletes.
Parrot Zoomumbor
The noble parrot Zoomumbor reigns on his throne high in the branches. With his wings outstretched, he'd be the perfect statue for Sugar Loaf, wouldn't he?
Brazilian flag
A yellow diamond on a green field with a blue disc shows the starry sky above Rio de Janeiro. The 27 stars mark the 26 states plus the Federal District.
Japanese flag
The Japanese flag is called the solar flag because it shows a red disc as a symbol of the sun on a white background.
Giraffe bouncy castle
Hop, hop, hop! Fun for all ages. Just make sure your visitors don't jump with full bellies!
Basalt bench
Basalt benches form when hot lava freezes on the earth's surface - that's how the strange formations form!
Greenery by the pond
Frogs, fish, dragonflies and other small animals gather around nice ponds like this one! Nice habitat!
Wetlands
Put on your rubber boots, we're going into the mud. The cubs like to play in the mud - a fun activity you'll see in many enclosures.
Icicle fence
Spiky frozen icicles stop visitors from climbing the fences.
Frozen grass
You know that sound when you walk on frozen grass? It's ice crystals!
Ice fishing
This little fisherman sitting in front of his winter home will add a touch of Nordic charm to your icy landscape. Fresh fish from a frozen hole! An absolute delicacy!
Avalanche
Attention! When an avalanche falls, large amounts of ice and snow separate from the mountain slopes and take everything in their path with them.
Ice stalagmite
These upward growing icicles are very sharp and you can even cut yourself. Inverted stalactites are very often found in caves where water drips from the ceiling.
Thatched cottage
These small thatched cottages are very cosy. They are ideal in the savannah - they protect from the sun, rain, wind and cold nights.
Scrub savannah
Herbaceous plants and bare rocks provide shelter and food for all kinds of animals living in the savannah.
Sandstone
This golden coloured sandstone is ideal for savannah environments. Good camouflage is important!
Savannah forests
Acacia and baobab trees are typical in the savannah. Large steppe herbivores often bite off branches or nibble on the bark.
Desert picnic
A flying carpet, a carafe of delicious cactus juice and a small oriental snack - what more could you ask for?
Desert bench
A place to relax in the sun? Then sit on this desert bench and enjoy the warmth. Just don't forget the sunscreen!
Gateway to the desert
The desert is a dangerous environment for animals. There's no water anywhere. The big animals here are just bone and skin. Think carefully before you enter: Do you have enough water?
Flowering cactus
Look what a little water can do! This prickly little thing has grown pink flowers. How beautiful!
Desert cactus
The desert cactus knows how to store water. Its little needles prick anyone who comes near them! Very clever!
Shifting sand dune
Did you know that sand dunes not only migrate, but also sing? When the sand slides down, there are loud and deep sounds. Listen to this!
Desert fence
This Western-inspired fence will be a perfect fit for a gloomy sandy landscape.
Desert Boundaries
Two wooden stakes, a rope and your desert border is done!
Oasis
Many desert pilgrims will think it's a mirage, but it really is an oasis! Hooray!
Solar sail
Shade is very rare in the desert! Quickly hide behind this solar sheet and enjoy the beautiful scent of exotic spices on the soft Persian carpet.
Stone bench
Solid stone boulders with solid wooden planks: simple, comfortable and practical.
Stone chair
The stone chair may be a bit hard, but it's most definitely a sculptural work of art!
Stone wall
Another stone in the wall: This wall is very durable thanks to its solid stone foundation. You can build different decorations on it or jump over it.
Stone fence
This fence has a very interesting shape! Looks like the stonemason was very creative this time ... sort of minimalist, but still colossal!
Stone Gate
How romantic! Just like in the days of Romeo and Juliet - zoo visitors love to walk under this huge stone gate. Ideally suited to a stone setting.
Cypress trees
Cypresses are very decorative trees and thrive in an environment around rocks. They look absolutely gorgeous!
Paving blocks
Uneven paving stones add a unique touch to your zoo. Just like old times!
Stone Monument
Very interesting ... this sculptor must have liked liquorice. You really don't see anything like that!
Stone formation
Nature as a sculptor! This huge rock formation is an example of tectonic plate movements. The rocks piled on top of each other are ideal for climbing.
Birch bench
This stain-patterned wood has been transformed into a simple, stylish bench for relaxation.
Tundra soil
Tundra is made up of heathland, layers of clay and moss, just like mountain tundra. With almost no human habitation, due to the inhospitable climate, here you will find the original natural environment.
Fence in the tundra
The tundra cannot be used for agriculture because of the climate, but herds of reindeer and nomads roam here. The fence will show you where the tundra ends and where it begins.
Birch in the tundra
In areas with sparse vegetation, usually only mosses, lichens and shrubs can be found. And that's why in a barren landscape, birch looks like a rare gem.
Tundra lake
The growing season in the tundra lasts one to three months. But how beautiful it is when it starts to grow and bloom!
Glade in the winter forest
Lure your visitors into this romantic winter landscape. A nice way to enjoy a completely different climate!
Snow-covered ground
Fine powdery snow falls on grass, stones and bushes. Light as a feather and cold as ice.
Sticky snow
Great! Heavy, sticky snow is the best for the right snowball fight! Or how about... building a snowman?
Glacial mountains
Glaciers are ancient ice masses formed by the compression of snow. In the mountains, they then shape the terrain.
Igloo
The cosy snow house is used as a refuge when hunting in the land of permafrost.
Alpine bench
In a secluded spot, an Alpine shepherd is having a tryst with his milkmaid on this bench.
Glacial lake
A freshwater lake in the mountains fed by water from glaciers. The water is clean, clear and refreshing!
Toilets
Everyone will recognize the little heart on the door! A quiet place for everyone!
Glacial pebbles
The glaciers move with enormous force over the mountains and grind the rocks into small pebbles.
Cave stones
You may come across a pile of rocks during your expedition into the cave. These rocks are gradually rising to the surface.
Mine track
The mine track is used to transport stones throughout the mine.
Gateway to the mine
This is the entrance to a cave area that hides impressive stalactites and stalagmites as well as mineral mining sites.
Cave stalagmite
When water drips from the ceiling, it leaves scale and sand particles on the ground. The older the stalagmite, the longer it is!
The burning barrel
Even our ancestors knew this: caves offer protection from wild animals and provide warmth in winter. The fire inside the cave helps keep the animals out and the cold in.
Forest Bridge
Zoo visitors can walk along creaking wooden beams in a completely natural setting - what a beautifully designed forest area - the green lungs of your zoo!
Forest huts
Made of wood and covered in greenery - this comfortable log cabin is so cozy inside! Just don't light the fire!
Forest pond
Quack, quack! This little pond is full of frogs and tadpoles!
Natural swimming pool
Swimming weather? Here diving is allowed! This natural swimming pool will attract a lot of water lovers! This is fun!
Long Hana
This massive stone pillar in the middle of the water is usually called "Long Hana". Look at its beautiful curves!
House on stilts
Well prepared for the tides: this house will stay dry under any circumstances!
Beach basket
This beach basket will protect you from strong winds and the steamy sun.
Shallow
A miracle of nature: at low tide, the water recedes from the shore and reveals what it has been hiding. You can find lots of things in the shallows - especially various debris and worms!
Magic Toadstool
This magical mushroom shines in the enchanted forest of your zoo. Do you want to touch it? Who knows what miracle might happen!
Fan flower
These fan flowers peek out of the holes. It's incredible what goes on in the wondrous forest of fantasy.
Portal of fantasy
An enchanting world of surprises awaits your visitors - walk through the portal and discover the flora and fauna!
Magical monolith
Many cultures believe that monoliths have magical powers. In the flickering glow of the mushrooms, it seems that this is indeed the case!
Sugar Land Fence
A sweet and sticky fence belongs in every Sugar Land. It has beautifully varied colours and is absolutely delicious. Yummy, yummy!
Portal to Sugar Land
Sweet candy canes line the path to Sugar Land: a sweet treat for young and old alike.
Honey River
Golden honey flows down a riverbed made of chocolate and licorice. Just jump the dart! Wow!
Lollipop
Not only your animals feel at home in the land of milk and honey. Zoo visitors also enjoy a treat.
Ice cream tree
Yummy, yummy, yummy! A tree of delicious ice cream in vanilla and strawberry flavours. Quick, lick it off before it melts!
Watering Hole
An irrigation hole like this has already saved a few lives in the arid desert. It's also a favourite haunt of various species of animals.
Rock formation
Shrubs and small trees nicely line this rock corner. Climbing allowed!
Building sign
Is there construction going on at your zoo? Mark the areas that are under construction with a construction marker. TIP: Decorate your zoo regularly so your visitors always have something new to discover!
Pipeline disaster
Oil disaster? Chemical accident? Or just radioactive material? Whatever it is, what's coming out of the pipeline doesn't look good.
Dead tree
Trees can live to a very old age, but they also die. However, even then their stumps serve as a suitable home for many plants. Just look at the shoots that grow from it!
Piranha - plant
Strange plants grow in the wilderness, such as this piranha. It's a mutation, of course, but don't get too close or it'll bite your hand off!
The Sorcerer's Apprentice
I'm calling all the spirits... oh no, what's crawling out of that channel... aaaaaaaaaaaah!
The Haunted Swamp
Attention! Low-flying ghosts! Avoid them when they fly by, or it will end badly!
Christmas decorations
What would Christmas be without Christmas decorations? A few decorations will enhance any Christmas home - very nice!
The Ballroom
Whoo! Get dressed up and go out for a ball game! Yay, that's fun!
Curling
When it's freezing outside, how about going out on the ice and trying curling? Give it a good sweep, make it glide!
Rudolf - statue
Let Christmas be the real nut: display Rudolph the reindeer as a monument in your zoo. Doesn't he look alive?
Swamp maze
This rare luminous phenomenon is only a few centimeters high and shines for only a few seconds in swamps or marshes. It is often thought to be a ghost. Huhuuu!
Gateway to the swamp
What's needed in a dark swamp? A good lantern! The gate to the swamp illuminates the entrance, if the lantern is lit properly.
Sunken wreck
This mud boat was once really beautiful! Now it lies at the bottom of the swamp, covered in algae and mud. Do you think it can be salvaged and reused to sail through the swamp?
Mud bath
A pleasure for body and soul! The soothing mud bath warms the whole body and heals it thanks to its anti-inflammatory effects. It feels good!
Swamp
Who knows what lies at the bottom of this swamp? Old tyres are the perfect accessory here and offer a great view for the cackling creatures.
Sunken bench
This massive bench is probably too heavy for this muddy soil. Algae and moss have covered it all over - and it looks quite comfortable!
Fog in the swamp
The grey mist slowly stretches across the gloomy swamp, creating a very mysterious atmosphere. Brrr!
Marsh border
This swamp has lush vegetation due to the moist soil where small streams flow through. Just watch out for the barbed wire so you don't get stung!
Tree in the swamp
This dead tree rises out of the swamp like a skeleton. It gives you the creeps!
Raised seat
Hunters used to lurk in this perch, but now it is half rotten and slowly sinking into the swamp.
Advent carolers
Every year, quite ordinary players turn into helpful moderators who are happy to help other players with tips and tricks throughout the year. Look how beautifully they decorate the Christmas tree!
Artifact fence
This artifact fence is decorated with magical stones from ancient Mayan culture and is used to demarcate the jungle from civilization.
Snake gate
Mysterious snakes crawl out of the thickets of the impenetrable jungle. Entry only for the brave!
Soil in the jungle
Large leaves, exotic and climbing plants cover artifacts of ancient cultures.
Suspension bridge
He's rocking back and forth! Cross this bridge step by step - but it may already be rotten!
Bench in the jungle
Lions have been worshipped by many cultures since time immemorial. Sit on this bench and experience the feeling of being king of the jungle.
Palm tower
The world of impenetrable jungle full of chirping and monkey cries is best observed from a height. Hand me the binoculars!
Camp in the jungle
Those who have bravely fought their way through the jungle, machete in hand, over the rough terrain, need a little rest after arriving at the camp.
Gate in the jungle
Step into a mysterious world overflowing with exotic animals. There are still many undiscovered species of animals in the jungle. Go on your expedition!
Fence in the jungle
Tame the wildlife with this fence and border the jungle in your zoo.
Cocoa tree
The best chocolate in the world is made from these beans. Cocoa beans grow high in the canopy of this majestic tree.
Bridge of lovers
According to one legend, love will last forever if you lock the lock on the bridge. Then throw the key in the river so no one ever unlocks the lock again.
Dream Prince
Still waiting for your dream prince? This handsome bachelor wants to make his way into your heart!
Bench in the swamp
Crossing the swamp is tiring. On this solid wooden bench in the swamp, you can put your feet up and get some rest.
Girl power
Celebrating International Women's Day! Build a monument in your zoo to symbolize equality and world peace. Together we will succeed!
Asian fence
Border the Asian themed area in your zoo with this colourful fence and create an atmosphere of harmony.
The Gate of Toria
The gate of the Toria is decorated with beautiful Chinese lanterns. It is a symbolic gateway to Buddhist temples.
Chinese Bridge
This Chinese-style bridge fits beautifully into a park with Asian architecture.
Bamboo bench
This bench made of real bamboo wood looks comfortable and inviting. Take a break and sit back in the soft cushions.
Water fountain
The gentle tones from this fountain are soothing. Not only will they delight your visitors, but your animals will love the sounds of the water in the background.
Bamboo fence
Flexible and pliable bamboo is ideal for braiding and making bamboo fences like this one.
Cube
Decorate your zoo with stylish design and architecture and beautify your Asian corner with simple shapes reminiscent of Far Eastern minimalism.
Tea ceremony
The dew-covered path leads to the tea room. Here, guests leave all their worries behind and indulge in a variety of teas. It's a meditation ritual that takes time!
Waving cat
The Waving Cat or Maneki Neko is a good luck charm. It is very popular in Japan, China and Thailand. It waves its left paw and invites visitors in.
Chinese flag
The flag of the People's Republic of China has a red field with yellow stars on it. Red is the lucky colour of China.
Flag of Thailand
The Thai flag is also called "Thong Trairong", which means "three-colour" flag.
Yellowcap
Yellowtail only exists in Australia. It belongs to the order Rattlesnakes, is long-lived and can survive a forest fire.
Totem
Australian Aboriginal art is influenced by nature and religious rituals. This animal has too many spots to be a Tasmanian tiger. So what does it represent? A god, perhaps?
Swimming pool
There are several species of sharks that live around the Australian coast. That's why it's better to swim in the pool, right?
Boxer Mathilda
There is a famous kangaroo boxer in Australia called "Boxer Mathilda". She has a baby in her pouch that encourages her!
Floating candle
Floating candles float eerily in the misty dark night. Their pale glow gives everyone the creeps.
The Headless Horseman
Who drives so late at night and in the wind? The statue of the Headless Horseman serves as a warning of the fearsome creatures that haunt the zoo on frightening nights.
Magic Patronus
This spell summons a magical creature that matches the character of the caster. In this case, it's a magical... fish bun!
Flying broom
A rather uncomfortable way of flying used by clumsy wizards who perform wild manoeuvres in the air.
Snow plough
Boom! This super useful snow plough is an amazing toy for professionals and penguins who love to shovel snow!
Smoking dummy
Smoking dummies from the Ore Mountains originally served as vessels for burning scented cones. Now they are used as traditional Christmas decorations and are placed near presents.
Ice palms
Shimmering ice in paradise: when even the palm trees freeze, you can hear the chattering teeth of animals that love the heat.
Snowboard
Downhill at the zoo: snowboarding is super fun not only for penguins!
Love Meter
How much of a romantic are you? Find out with this fun machine.
Swan Boat
Just you and your sweetheart on a calm lake. Ignore everything around you and enjoy the magic of the moment!
Statue of Love
It is certainly interesting and unique. But is it true art? You decide!
Love nest
Birds do that. Bees do it. Even educated fleas do it. Everyone loves to snuggle in a love nest!
Easter grass
The long grass is ideal for hiding Easter eggs. Or even toys, dog treats and lost socks.
Station: painting eggs
Learn how to paint traditional Easter eggs with paint and glue. Kids will come home all painted up!
Station: egg blowing
Egg blowing is the traditional art of removing the contents of an egg without breaking or cracking the shell. Failure to do so can make quite a mess.
Hatching Easter Eggs
*Crack* What's inside? A giant chocolate chicken?
Neptun
Long live the ancient god of the sea! Despite his fearsome appearance, he is very sentimental and likes to feed the fish.
Submarine
No visit to Underwater World can be complete without an underwater excursion. Soon everyone will be living in a yellow submarine.
Drainage
When the water is dirty, simply pull out the stopper and refill the tank. Don't let it wash you away!
Inflatable island
Take your Caribbean home with you! Just remember to bring someone with strong lungs!
Fantasy Island
If you thought you were gonna sleep in a hammock, it's too late. The penguins beat you to it.
Buoy
These buoys are said to ring in the wind to show their love.
Diving bubble
Discover the depths of the ocean in style! This observation bubble has gripping arms that you can use to clutch any treasure!
Lifeboat
When you find something of value at the bottom of the sea, just tie it to this boat.
Pirate wreck
It's amazing what can come to the surface. Who knows what's hiding at the bottom of the sea!
Crow's Nest
It's a bit dated now, but your visitors keep talking about it. It's also a popular place for hide-and-seek players.
Shipwreck
In the aquatic world, the ancient wreck that represents the power of the oceans must not be missed.
Glacier
Don't underestimate a seemingly harmless iceberg. There's a lot more under the surface than meets the eye.
Ice floes
These smaller chunks of ice are the remnants of an ice mass that warn us about climate change.
Ice cube
Don't worry about the penguin. In a few thousand years, he'll wake up in a much better world. We promise.
Coral divers
Put on your snorkel and discover the unique life that lies beneath the water's surface.
Coral Island
On this remote island you will discover sea sponges and starfish. Together you can throw the party of the century!
Celine Penguin
Your heart will beat on and on with this charming decoration!
Pirate raft
Every pirate has to start somewhere! Set off on an adventure and you'll soon return with a pirate ship, crew and treasure!
Rock outcrop
Jump from the rock outcropping straight into the depths. Various species of molluscs and insects find their home here.
Survivor penguin
Would life on a desert island really be that bad? Ask Wilson!
Canoe
Who needs a canoe to paddle? Just grab something floating and get out on the water!
Explorer
Buoys are essential to safety at sea for ships, people and animals. Who hasn't seen a buoy bobbing on the water and swum to it?
Diver
Diving among the fish. What's better?
Turtle sign
Are you looking forward to Underwater World? Introduce it to all your visitors and put this sign on your new game board!
Active volcano
Is it getting hot in here? The occasional eruption is good for the environment!
Little Mermaid
She may be a little quiet, but she can be part of your world. True love breaks every curse...
Statue of Atlantis
It's been underwater for centuries, but now you can have it on display in your Underwater World! Might want to remove the seaweed.
Magic Mirrors
Your visitors will laugh at themselves when they see themselves fat, skinny, short or tall in these crazy mirrors.
Barrel organ
Play some classic tunes on this flute.
Strongman
Test your strength! Here you will see the difference between men and boys!
Accurate shot
Can you throw well? You can try it here. It's easy, isn't it...?
Mad Lab
What can be created in this lab? Don't forget, you'll need lightning to bring your creatures back to life!
Dinosaur skeleton
Ride into battle on this dinosaur and watch the ghosts flee!
Pumpkin carriage
Do you want to go on a haunted ride? Travel in comfort with this special vehicle.
A giant spider web
Be careful not to get tangled in one of these webs! No one can get you out of them!
Reindeer robot
His nose glows redder and brighter than anything else in the night sky.
Winter sun
Who wants to worry about gifts and wrapping? Go on a winter holiday instead!
Last minute lists
Do you have everything you need for the holidays? It's okay, we don't either.
Christmas Pile
So many presents! And how many of them are hiding socks?
Boat of Love
Serenade your love right in the middle of the lake.
SOS Love
With this seaplane, Cupid can get to any emergency situation!
Half an account
Take your loved one out for a romantic dinner. What could happen?
Spa on the island
Escape the cold weather and pamper yourself in this tropical spa!
The Forgotten Place
If stones could talk, we would learn about old and forgotten temples. These ruins have now become home to many animals living in the bush.
Lion Protector
The burly protector stands proudly at the entrance of the old palaces.
The Lost Statue
In the Angkor temple, one statue is missing its head. Was it the king? Or a god? Who knows?
Temple Rider
There's a temple rider with a ponytail and armed with bananas!
Tweety, the penguin
Is it a songbird? Is it a penguin? Anything is possible in spring!
Birthday party
Celebrate the anniversary of your choice with penguins. Who even needs a reason to celebrate? Let's get to it!