Welcome to ZooMumba, your wacky zoo! My name is Sonja, and I'll guide you step by step on how the game works.<br><br>In the shop, you can buy various animal enclosures, which you can then place on the playing field.
Click on the enclosure and buy an animal. Pay attention to whether you're buying a male or a female.<br><br>If you have both in the enclosure, you can expect offspring soon!
Take care of your animals regularly, cuddle them, and play with them. That way, they'll be happy and content. Give it a try!
Get feed and everything your animals desire in the shop: meat, fruit, grass - just take a look around!
You need to connect your enclosures, buildings, and attractions with paths leading to the entrance so visitors can admire everything.
From level 2, you can also get buildings and stalls in the shop to make your zoo even more attractive to visitors. <br><br>You can regularly collect your entrance fee earnings from the main building.
The more visitors you welcome to your zoo, the more trash you'll have to clean up. <br><br>Keep your zoo clean and collect the trash to keep your visitors happy!
The more happy visitors your zoo has, the higher your Zoometer will rise.<br><br>Go for it and build the most amazing zoo in the world – in ZooMumba! Have fun!
Skip
Do you really want to skip this step?
Task %currentTask% successfully completed. Total tasks: %totalTasks%
Welcome to the game ZooMumba!
Catch the penguins!
Feed the penguins!
Care and cuddling
Build enclosures
Hooray, let’s get the animals into their enclosures!
Create a new path
Get rid of the trash!
Extra feeding
Breed the offspring
Earning opportunity
You almost got it!
Yay, you did it!
Yaay! Now invite your friends!
Safari is starting!
May I introduce myself? My name is Sonja, and I’ll explain how this crazy zoo game works. Are you ready? Let’s go, zoo director!
There’s been a small accident! The penguins escaped from their enclosure! Help me catch them quickly and return them to their enclosure.
Great! After all that running around, they’re hungry and thirsty. Give them plenty of water and fish. Click on the enclosure, then on the fish and the bucket.
Click on the brush and clean the enclosure. See? It's sparkling clean now! And just a little more cuddling for these crazy pinnipeds - click on the teddy bear.
That's awesome! You really know how to take care of the animals! Now you can build enclosures. Go to the shop, click on the enclosure, and place it in your zoo.
Put a couple of chatty parrots in the aviary. Click on the aviary, select a female and a male from the shop, and place them inside.
Connect the enclosures with paths. The better the connections, the more attractive your zoo will be. Create a path to the parrot aviary.
With the influx of tourists, you'll also have a lot of trash. Deal with it by clicking on the shovel.
Get some feed for all your animals in the shop. Today, you'll need fruit to feed the parrots.
If you have a male and a female together, click the "Breeding" button and then "Buy Now".
The buildings in your zoo generate zoogros, so make sure to collect your earnings regularly. Simply click on the zoogros above the building.
All done. Any questions? Take your time to read the tips. Simply move your mouse around: you'll become even smarter!
We can shake hands, colleague. You’ve become a proven zoo director. Your gathered knowledge has truly made your zoo famous. And that’s something to celebrate!
Shh... Did you know? Now you can invite your friends to the game. Just send an email, and you can start playing together!
Hooray! You've reached level 7: The world of safari is now at your feet. Step on the gas and click on the jeep in the control center, or check the menu in the main building. Go for it!
NONE
NONE
Feed your animals superfeed and earn extra experience points!
You can tell how happy the animals are by the moody cat. The more you take care of them, the happier they’ll be.
If you want to breed babies, make sure to place a male and a female in the enclosure.
Click on the building to shorten the construction time.
Make sure your enclosures are connected by paths. Otherwise, your zoo will lose its attractiveness.
Take care of the trash bins to keep your zoo clean.
Feed your animals the best feed more often. You'll earn plenty of experience points for that!
The pacifier will show you when your breeding is complete.
Running low on in-game currency? Get more! Click on the golden bag.
Enter the email address of the friend you want to invite to the game.
To enter different safari regions, you need varying amounts of fuel. However, you cannot enter closed regions.
Okay!
Great! The penguins are back in their enclosure. Click the arrow to proceed to the next step.
Yum! Your penguins are now full. Click the arrow to continue!
Great job! The cheerful pinnipeds are now clean and happy. Click the arrow to continue!
Top-notch work! Your enclosure is ready. Click the arrow to move on to the next step.
Yay! You now have parrots in your zoo! Click the arrow to continue!
Keep it up! Visitors are admiring the new enclosures. Click the arrow to continue!
Perfect! From now on, the paths are sparkling clean. Click the arrow to continue!
How wonderful! The parrots are full now. Click the arrow to continue!
How adorable! You've successfully adopted parrot offspring. Click the arrow to continue!
Great! The cash is rolling in! You're almost done! Quickly, click the arrow one more time.
So easy! You're almost a pro at collecting points in the menu. One more click, and you'll be at the end of our little journey.