Feed sales
Feeding allowed! But only with proper feeding. Instead of chocolate and other sweets, you will find healthy food for every animal.
French Fry Booth
Fries, sausage and grilled chicken? Yum! Just the smell is enough to make visitors salivate.
Toys
Everyone wants a souvenir from the zoo. Cute stuffed animals from the vending machine are a real hit!
Drinks
Coke, beer or coffee? Sometimes you need to refresh yourself!
Hot dog stand
I'm here for the hot dog! Straight up tastes best. The hot dog stand is a real gold mine.
Ice cream
Yummy, yummy! Kids love ice cream. You can't do without ice cream in your zoo, it just belongs there!
Balloons stand
Colourful balloons and lots of trinkets will increase the number of visitors to your zoo.
Tearoom
The tea room is an oasis of peace in your zoo. Visitors here forget the hustle and bustle of everyday life.
Toilet
Everybody has to take a leak sometime! Toilets are your calling card: Keep them clean at all times to give visitors a good impression of your zoo.
Luxury toilet
Luxury toilets with padded seats? Visitors appreciate this and are happy to pay extra for this luxury.
Water tank
Make sure you have enough water so that your animals always have something to drink. And you have to wash them occasionally.
Barn
Store feed in the barn to keep it fresh for a long time. Make sure you always have enough food for the animals.
Pizza
Like a real Italian pizzeria! This pizza smells exceptionally good and is sure to attract hungry visitors to your zoo.
Pancakes
Thin pancakes with nutella or jam! And true gourmets will order pancakes with strawberries and whipped cream. Or do you prefer savoury pancakes? Maybe with cheese and ham, that's also a great combination.
CBS Kiosk
This special and exclusive kiosk, which you only get with your bonus code, will take care of a great selection of magazines in your zoo!
American bar
Jukebox, milkshakes, steaks and burgers: the American bar brings the atmosphere of the 1950s to your zoo.
Sausages on a skewer
Do you like American sausages in batter? Then get them for your zoo! Once you try them, you've got to have them!
Confectionery
I'd ask for whipped cream! A cup of hot coffee and a nice dessert just belongs to a real trip.
Audio guides kiosk
Your audience wants real entertainment. With the audio guide they get information about your animals right in their ear!
Zoo group
You want some fun? Then this high-quality musician's combo is the perfect choice for your zoo concert. Visitors love it and are happy to donate something: the band will give you 1 zoodolar a day!
Grill bar
Your visitors need a good piece of meat now and then. And that goes for your animal friends too: good meat from good breeding tastes great.
Gingerbread House
Not only Hansel and Gretel like gingerbread houses, your visitors like them too. Wait, they'll soon be feasting on the walls and chimney!
Roasted Almonds
Hot, sweet and really tasty: roasted almonds and warm chestnuts will warm up your visitors in winter time.
Fruit punch stand
Hot fruit punch in freezing weather, that's great! Set up a punch stand in your zoo and soon you'll have crowds of visitors standing around it! What a great deal!
Souvenir shop
What? You went to the zoo and didn't buy any souvenirs for your loved ones? You can find stuffed animals, rubber ducks, etc. in the gift shop.
Cotton candy
That's something! Very sticky, squishy cotton on wood!\nThere's a line for that cotton candy! It tastes great!
Milk bar
Milk will refresh and energize visitors! These milkshakes are healthy and famous far beyond the gates of your zoo!
Popcorn
Sweet or salty? As long as it's delicious popcorn! All the foodies will enjoy it! But watch out for curious pigeons...
Observation tower
Ahoy! Greetings from aboveee! That lookout tower is really brilliant! All the paddocks are best seen from here. It puts the whole zoo at the visitor's feet. More binoculars!
Miracle Balloons
Hooray! It will be a joy! Get a new toolbar from ZooMumba, get your daily bonus and delight your visitors with a cheerful wonder balloon stall. And the best part: You'll get more zoogrosh points!
Sweets Baloon
Lollipops, gum, lollipops, liquorice snakes ... this is heaven on earth for all sweet tooths! And what would a zoo be without a ball full of sweets?
Driving Formula 1
Forward and backward - it's fun! After a ride in the red car, all zoo visitors feel like Formula 1 pros. Vroom, vroom!
TODO: Wishing Well
TODO: Wishing Well Description


Pumpkin juice stand
Pumpkin juice: a strengthening drink for witches and wizards from all over the world. Hmmm... this is good!
Witch's Cauldron
Autumn days will be darker and colder. What would warm the hearts and hands of your visitors on your zoo tour more than a cup of pumpkin soup?
Cocoa stand
Your animals keep warm during the winter with their soft fur. We help your visitors in a different way: With hot cocoa and whipped cream! Yummy...
Sushi stand
Tasty, healthy and light: It's not only penguins that like raw fish. Your visitors also know what Japanese delicacies like Maki, Nigiri and Sashimi taste like.
Australian outback - shop
Follow a kangaroo to an Australian outback store or add one to your own zoo. It will bring your director lots of zoogros!
Pretzel stand
You have to stop by this pretzel stand for a minute. Zenzi the baker says the best pretzels are warm with a little coarse salt.
Caribbean bar
A little Caribbean elegance for your zoo! The Caribbean bar sells tasty snacks and cocktails in a tropical atmosphere. Would you like a ZooMumba Sunrise cocktail or a Piña ZooMumba? No alcohol, of course!
Mexican stand
Spicy but very good: The stuffed taco is always filling and served with a meat or vegetable filling. Tasty and healthy!
Slimy snow cone - bar
Slurp, sluurp, sluuurp. Slimy drinks to quench your thirst. They may taste strange, but otherwise they are great! Mysterious, slimy icey cocktails for your visitors.
Doughnut stand
So many colorful donuts! Every visitor has their favourite colour - blue, green or pink doughnuts - everyone loves them!
Fondue stand
Yummy! The hot, melty cheese will keep you warm this cold season. There's hard, soft, leaky, stinky or mouldy cheese on offer - something for everyone!
Russian doll shop
How many of these dolls can fit together? Great toy and a souvenir packed up in one piece.
Candy apples
Sweet, sticky... and awfully good. Apples taste especially good coated in sugar. And they have lots of vitamins!
T-shirt booth
Here you can buy T-shirts with any design. Whether it's the zoo logo or a print of your favourite animal. These t-shirts are a great way to remember your day at the zoo.
Punch stand
The perfect addition to any Christmas market: a punch stand. Serve your visitors to warm up!
Indian bistro
Do you want something a little sharper? A delicious Indian curry with delicious rice will transport your visitors to the world of Indian cuisine!
Photo studio
A spring trip to the zoo should be immortalized with a cheerful family photo. Smile, please!
Churros Stand
Crunchy churros for everyone! This dessert, originally from Spain, is served sprinkled with sugar or dipped in hot chocolate. Either way, your taste buds will be in for a treat!
Public toilet
Finally! Luxury on every corner! This modern public toilet is hygienic and pleasant.
Waffles stand
Fresh waffles, fresh waffles! Choose what you want them with -cherries, chocolate or ice cream. Delicious!
Barbecue stand
Straight from the grill - taste delicious delicacies all year round, served by a grill master.
Pony rides
Hey! Grab the reins and move forward! Zoo visitors will have fun on the back of these cute ponies! Yay!
Strawberry stand
Strawberry season is about to start! Nothing beats sweet, juicy strawberries! Can be eaten on cake, with ice cream or just like that. You can also eat healthy!
Florist
Zoo visitors love the beautiful floral arrangements! They buy bouquets for their favourite animals. I hope the animals don't mistake them for snacks!
Macarons stand
These colourful foam treats are not easy to bake. But they taste wonderful!
French café
Oh là là! It is customary for the French to drink coffee standing up. Guests can also enjoy a croissant and café au lait! Bon appétit!
Clams stand
Clams, scallops, oysters - served as a main dish or in a true French bouillabaisse!
Gift booth
In ZooMumba we are all celebrating a birthday! You, your animals, our helpers ... Whoever needs a present can choose here!
Goulash cuisine
Hungarians love traditional goulash. An ideal meal during a visit to the zoo!
Basket manufacturer
The traditional wicker basket is an ideal souvenir of a visit to the zoo. Hungarians understand handicrafts!
Flying Dutchman
According to one legend, the captain of a ghost ship called the Flying Dutchman sailed the seven seas. He'll be stopping by your zoo during Halloween to sell fish sandwiches. Yummy!
Bloody Mary Bar
Bloody tomato juice and spices - Bloody Mary Bar has the perfect snack for vampires and similar visitors. Muhahahahaha.
Turkey sandwich bar
There was plenty of food left over after a huge Thanksgiving feast. How about making a turkey sandwich? Mmmm!
Apple pies stand
American apple pie is a classic! A pinch of cinnamon and puff pastry. There's nothing better! The sweet apple filling is the perfect treat during the winter months. Don't forget the vanilla ice cream!
Meet Santa
It's a dream! Meet Santa in person and tell him your Christmas wishes! Look, a little penguin jumped into his lap. Who knows if he's been good all year!
Sweets stand
This candy originates from the Netherlands and usually depicts windmills or farm houses. Sometimes it shows pictures of St Nicholas. Tasty and educational!
Baklav stand
This sweet dessert contains almonds, walnuts, pistachios, cinnamon, cloves and sometimes rose water and cardamom. It is often served with strong mocha coffee.
Spice market
Hmm, that smells good! Coriander, cardamom, cumin, aniseed and of course expensive saffron are a must in any oriental market. The combination matters!
Stuffed animals stand
Most of the animals in the zoo are very hairy and dangerous. But every visitor can take a stuffed animal home. They're so cute!
Chocolate stand
What is the key to happiness? Chocolate! Bonbonniere is a real treat. So you win hearts instantly. Want to try it?
Temple of Health
Relax in the zoo - bath, massage and beauty treatments in the temple of health guarantee complete relaxation!
Stall with Easter eggs
When the first flowers appear in spring, the Easter bunnies hide colourful eggs. Luckily, they have a cool service so you don't have to dye them yourself - an Easter egg stall!
Carrot juice stand
Do you like carrots? Grated, pressed, crushed or whole - carrots have lots of vitamin B and are good for the eyes. Finally, only those with eagle eyes will find colourful Easter eggs.
Churrasco grill
Like many animals in your zoo, visitors love meat. But be careful, while the meat sizzles on the grill, the smell wafts to all the predators in the zoo!
Cheese balls stand
Crispy on the outside and melted cheese inside. Mmmmm, these typical Brazilian cheese balls are best with fresh herb sauce.
Balloon vendor
99 red balloons and all other possible colours. If you buy enough of them, you'll be able to float above your zoo! What a view!
Slimy Punch Bar
Widow's Kiss, Bloody Mary, Zombie Punch or Hocus Pocus Punch - what is it? These are slimy punches from a slimy punch bar!
Wishlist - shed
What do your visitors want for Christmas? They can write their Christmas wishes in this booth. Will they come true?
Candy Factory
Everyone wants sweets at Christmas. The candy factory is ideal for these occasions. Now you won't run out of treats!
Heart lock
Now your visitors can symbolically seal their love for the other at this castle. Don't forget the initials!
Noodle stand
Ramen noodle soup originated in China but is also popular in Japan and Korea. This soup is delicious with seaweed called nori, chicken, vegetables or fish.
Didgeridoo hut
The traditional musical instrument of the Australian Aborigines will conjure up exotic sounds in your zoo. It's usually made from the trunk of a eucalyptus tree that's been hollowed out by termites. A true natural product!
Pavlova stand
This tasty mousse cake is filled with ice cream and cream. It's light and airy, but high in calories. It's named after a Russian ballerina named Anna Pavlova. It's also the national dish of Australia!
Mandrake stand
The magical mandrake can unenchant and transform cursed creatures into their original form. But be careful: when you uproot it, it makes a terrible sound that can be fatal! Put on your headphones!
Magic wands stand
Abracadabra! Three black cats! A magic wand to conjure up your secret wishes and more. Learn to use it properly and soon you'll be conjuring a rabbit out of a hat!
Sweets stand
Bake, bake! During Advent, it is traditional to bake cookies, so let's do it. Delicious!
Christmas decorations
When the Christmas tree is full of beautiful decorations, it's clear that Christmas has arrived!
Selfies
Snuggle up to your sweetheart in this booth and get your picture taken! Visitors can take the spontaneous selfie of a lifetime.
The state of Madame Starza
What does the future hold for you? Love? A new job? The famous fortune teller Madame Starza will reveal all the secrets.
Chicken nest
Visitors can buy not only Easter eggs, but also other goods related to chickens, which they can donate to their relatives.
Baked braid
Have your Easter braid baked! Your visitors can buy bread rolls from all over the world!
Delicacies for fish
In this special shop, visitors can buy food to feed the fish in the pond. Just don't let them get too fat!
Fish n’ Ships
Refreshments for your visitors! Nothing better than traditional fish and chips drizzled with wine vinegar and wrapped in paper.
Drinks
Fresh drinks for everyone - sparkling, still or healthy smoothies. Your visitors will surely choose.
At the bottom of the sea
Souvenirs from Underwater World for everyone! A giant kraken key chain, a cuddly kraken or a giant sperm whale-shaped eraser - everyone will find the ideal gift here.
The wishing well
Make a wish! Your wishes will come true - at least the ones that can be fulfilled in the zoogrosh.
Stall with stuffed animals
Plush whales, plush giant krakats and even plush krakens! Get cute plush toys from Underwater World here!
Lighthouse
Your visitors will love this unique lighthouse.
Traditional carousel
Who needs plushies from the shooting range? Your little visitors will love riding this old carousel.
Rocking boat
Snuggle up to your precious other half and rock out nicely. Don't get sick!
Dino ribs
Enjoy traditionally baked ribs from the Stone Age!
Amber Dreams
What's inside a piece of amber? Who knows? Maybe you can create your own dinosaur park!
Choco-la-la!
Warm up with delicious chocolate in this chocolate shop!
Chestnut Express
The best roasted chestnuts in the whole zoo!
Turtle tea
Enjoy delicious exotic and herbal teas in this tropical teahouse.
Fish and chips
You're definitely gonna enjoy this one. Add salt, ketchup, vinegar or just wrap it in paper with nothing.
Booth with sugar cane juice
On a hot day in Cambodia, nothing refreshes better than sugar cane juice.
Booth with amok
Run amok! This traditional Cambodian dish is a curry steamed in banana leaves. It's made with fish, meat or tofu - you're sure to enjoy it!
Special treats
Do you want to make friends among the animals at the zoo? Then grab these special treats. But watch out, they'll want more!